Want to contribute to Keeper of the Cards? Awesome!

Of course, the first thing you could do is simply to play the game,
introduce it to others, and make your own cool cards. The more the
merrier, as they say! More players makes the game more and more
interesting, especially given the nature of the game.

If you want to go further, example card contributions are absolutely
welcome. We can add any card as an example card, as long as it is legal
for use in the current ruleset (i.e. has no redacted texts), does not
break any U.S. laws (in particular, does not infringe any copyrights or
trademarks recognized by the U.S.), is not pornographic in nature, and
carries a libre license.

The last point (carrying a libre license) means that you give any
recipient of the card the freedom (liberty) to use, modify, and
redistribute the card for any purpose, in any way, both commercially and
non-commercially. You can find a more formal definition here:

https://freedomdefined.org

Recommended libre licenses are the Creative Commons Attribution License
(CC BY), the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License (CC BY-SA),
and the Creative Commons Public Domain Dedication tool (CC0). These
licenses can be found here:

https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/
https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/

Creative Commons also supplies logos for each license, so the way we
recommend licensing a card is simply to embed the appropriate license
logo into the card image; the small text below the image, by default,
clarifies that any such license indicates the license of the entire
card. The images can be found here:

https://creativecommons.org/about/downloads/

If you are not the copyright holder of the entire card (e.g. because the
image was made by someone else, or because it uses a copyrighted work in
a manner that is fair use), please alter the text below the image to
properly indicate all authors and licenses as required by copyright law.

We do not accept the GNU GPL or the GNU FDL for example cards; these
licenses require inclusion of the full text of the license for copying
and redistribution, which would mean that a card under one of these
licenses would require a supplimentary page if you print it and then
give it to someone else. Most copyright holders probably wouldn't
enforce this requirement, but if they did, it would be a burden for
professional card printing services and a waste of paper.

In any case, if you would like to contribute, you can either use Git (if
you know how to use it), or you can open an issue; either works fine.
You can also send me an email at the following email address if you
prefer:

onpon4@riseup.net
